fix: Update usage.mdx (#6610)
FirebaseExtended/flutterfire: docs/firestore/usage.mdx

}
```

> Calling [`set`](!cloud_firestore.DocumentReference.set) with an id that already exists on the collection will replace all the document data, unless you specify that the data should be merged into the existing document, as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling [`set`](!cloud_firestore.DocumentReference.set) with an id that already exists on the collection will replace all the document data.  You can also specify `SetOptions(merge: true))` on the query, and this will merge the existing document with the data passed into the `set()`:
```

```dart highlight={6-8}
CollectionReference users = FirebaseFirestore.instance.collection('users');

Future<void> addUser() {
  return users

>     .doc('ABC123')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// existing document in 'users' collection: "ABC123"
    .doc('ABC123')
```

    .set({
      'full_name': "Mary Jane",
      'age': 18
    },
    SetOptions(merge: true))

>     .then((value) => print("User Added"))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .then((value) => print("'full_name' & 'age' merged with existing data!"))
```

>     .catchError((error) => print("Failed to add user: $error"));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .catchError((error) => print("Failed to merge data: $error"));
```

}
```

Calling [`set`](!cloud_firestore.DocumentReference.set) with an id that already exists on the collection will replace all the document data.  You can also specify `SetOptions(merge: true))` on the query, and this will merge the existing document with the data passed into the `set()`:

> ```dart highlight={6-8}

Reviewer 2: `dart highlight={6-8}` this would now be `dart highlight={7-11}` wouldn't it?

cc @Pingear @russellwheatley

Reviewer: PR here: https://github.com/FirebaseExtended/flutterfire/pull/6630

CollectionReference users = FirebaseFirestore.instance.collection('users');

Future<void> addUser() {
  return users
// existing document in 'users' collection: "ABC123"
    .doc('ABC123')
    .set({
      'full_name': "Mary Jane",
      'age': 18
    },

>     SetOptions(merge: true))

Reviewer 2: formatting seems off here
